Claude can reason about a contract, but chat alone cannot reliably inspect several Word drafts or create precise tracked changes.
An MCP server gives Claude specialized tools for that work. Claude still does the reasoning.
The server handles the document work and returns results we can check against the source.
Veqtor is an open-source MCP server for Word contract negotiations. It reads the redlines it supports, checks a quotation against one specific tracked change, and creates new drafts with real tracked changes.
In this demo, I ask what happened to the liability cap across four rounds. Veqtor extracts the tracked revisions. Claude turns the evidence into a clear explanation of how the cap and its carve-outs changed.
Then I ask for the counterparty's exact latest wording. Instead of relying on the summary, Veqtor checks the quotation against that specific tracked change. In this run, it matches exactly, and Veqtor returns the checked wording.
Finally, I turn the review into an action: restore our 150% cap and the willful misconduct carve-out in a new round-five draft. The original stays untouched.
Veqtor checks all requested edits and builds the proposed Word file in memory.
It reads that file again before saving. A mismatch means no final file is created.
Claude reasons. Veqtor handles document steps you can check. It is free and open source.
Claude Code: one registration command with uv installed. Claude Desktop: a short config edit.